EWPP-667: Add possibility to reference different type of documents. (#376)
openeuropa/oe_content: modules/oe_content_entity/modules/oe_content_entity_document_reference/README.md

# Corporate Document reference entity type

> The Document reference entity type is used as an intermediate when reference to the entity types of different types has
> to be set in one field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Document reference entity type is used as an intermediate when reference to the documents within different entity types and bundles has to be set in one field.
```
